OSSM-8474 TP2 release note updates (#85681)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-release-3-0-TP-1.adoc

This release of {SMProductName} is Technology Preview.

// Simple table to help clarify for users the component versions they can use with OSSM 3.0 TP1. Likely a more complicated table will be needed for GA. OSSM 3.0 separates all the Operators such as OCP, Istio, Envoy, Kiali, OTEL/Tempo, etc. This is only what is known to work with OSSM 3.0 TP1 and TP2, as of 12/09/2024.

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP2-component-versions_{context}"]
== Supported component versions for Technology Preview 2

|===
|Component |Version

|{ocp-product-title}
|4.14+

|Istio

> |1.24.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1.24.1
```

|Envoy Proxy
|1.32

|Kiali Operator
|2.1

|Kiali Server
|2.1
|===

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP2-unavailable-features_{context}"]
== Unavailable features in Technology Preview 2

The following features are not supported in the Technology Preview 2 release:

> * {ibm-power-name} and {ibm-z-name} platforms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Istio's Ambient mode
* Istio's Virtual Machine support
```

This release of {SMProductName} is Technology Preview.

// Simple table to help clarify for users the component versions they can use with OSSM 3.0 TP1. Likely a more complicated table will be needed for GA. OSSM 3.0 separates all the Operators such as OCP, Istio, Envoy, Kiali, OTEL/Tempo, etc. This is only what is known to work with OSSM 3.0 TP1 and TP2, as of 12/09/2024.

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP1-component-versions-2_{context}"]
== Supported component versions for Technology Preview 2

|===
|Component |Version

|{ocp-product-title}
|4.14+

|Istio
|1.24.1

|Envoy Proxy
|1.32

|Kiali Operator
|2.1

|Kiali Server
|2.1
|===

[IMPORTANT]
====
{KialiProduct} 2.1 is available in the `candidates` channel.

> The `candidates` channel offers unsupported early access to releases as soon as they are built. Releases present only in candidate channels may not contain the full feature set of eventual GA releases or features may be removed prior to GA. Additionally, these releases have not been subject to full Red Hat Quality Assurance and may not offer update paths to later GA releases. Given these caveats, the candidate channel is only suitable for testing purposes where destroying and recreating a cluster is acceptable.

Reviewer 2: It is `candidates` channel or `candidate` channel - each word is used here.

This release of {SMProductName} is Technology Preview.

// Simple table to help clarify for users the component versions they can use with OSSM 3.0 TP1. Likely a more complicated table will be needed for GA. OSSM 3.0 separates all the Operators such as OCP, Istio, Envoy, Kiali, OTEL/Tempo, etc. This is only what is known to work with OSSM 3.0 TP1 and TP2, as of 12/09/2024.

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP1-component-versions-2_{context}"]
== Supported component versions for Technology Preview 2

|===
|Component |Version

|{ocp-product-title}

> |4.14+

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|4.14 and later
```
From IBM Style: Use "earlier" or "later" to refer to multiple releases: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-multiple-releases

|Istio
|1.24.1

|Envoy Proxy
|1.32

|Kiali Operator
|2.1

|Kiali Server
|2.1
|===

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * You need to uninstall the {KialiProduct} custom resource definitions (CRDs) from Technology Preview 1 before you update to {KialiProduct} 2.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You need to remove the Kiali custom resource from Technology Preview 1 before you update to {KialiProduct} 2.1.
```

* {KialiProduct} 2.1 is available in the `candidates` channel.
+

> The `candidate` channel offers unsupported early access to releases as soon as they are built. Releases present only in candidate channels may not contain the full feature set of eventual GA releases or features may be removed prior to GA. Additionally, these releases have not been subject to full Red Hat Quality Assurance and may not offer update paths to later GA releases. Given these caveats, the candidate channel is only suitable for testing purposes where destroying and recreating a cluster is acceptable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `candidate` channel offers unsupported early access to releases as soon as they are built. Releases present only in candidate channels might not contain the full feature set of eventual GA releases, or features might be removed before GA. Additionally, these releases have not been subject to full Red{nbsp}Hat Quality Assurance and might not offer update paths to later GA releases. Given these caveats, the candidate channel is suitable only for testing purposes where deleting and re-creating a cluster is acceptable.
```
- ISG word usage guidelines for "may": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#may
- ISG word usage guidelines for "prior to": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#prior-to
- ISG word usage guidelines for "destroy": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#destroy
- ISG word usage guidelines for "recreate": https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#recreate

Author: FYI: someone should update https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/updating/understanding_updates/understanding-update-channels-release.html#candidate-version-channel_understanding-update-channels-releases  so that it is in line with current style.

> The `candidates` channel offers unsupported early access to releases as soon as they are built. Releases present only in candidate channels may not contain the full feature set of eventual GA releases or features may be removed prior to GA. Additionally, these releases have not been subject to full Red Hat Quality Assurance and may not offer update paths to later GA releases. Given these caveats, the candidate channel is only suitable for testing purposes where destroying and recreating a cluster is acceptable.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `candidates` channel offers unsupported early access to releases as soon as they are built. Releases present only in candidate channels may not contain the full feature set of eventual GA releases or features may be removed prior to GA. Additionally, these releases have not been subject to full Red Hat Quality Assurance and may not offer update paths to later GA releases. Given these caveats, the candidates channel is only suitable for testing purposes where destroying and recreating a cluster is acceptable.
```

====
//copied from https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/updating/understanding_updates/understanding-update-channels-release.html#candidate-version-channel_understanding-update-channels-releases but per engineering, it is "candidates" channel, not "candidates-"

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP1-unavailable-features-2_{context}"]
== Unavailable features in Technology Preview 2

The following features are not supported in the Technology Preview 2 release:

> * Istio's Ambient mode

Reviewer 3: From [IBM Style](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-service-names#general-guidelines): Do not use ’s to show the possessive form of brand names or product names.
```suggestion
* Ambient mode in Istio
```

> * Istio's Virtual Machine support

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Virtual Machine support in Istio
```

|===

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP1-unavailable-features_{context}"]
== Unavailable features in Technology Preview 1

The following features not supported in the Technology Preview 1 release:

* {SMPlugin}
* Istio's Ambient mode
* Istio's Virtual Machine support

[id="ossm-release-3-0-TP1-unavailable-clusters_{context}"]
== Unavailable clusters in technology preview 1 release

> The following clusters are not supported in the Technology Preview 1 release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following clusters are not supported in the Technology Preview release:
```
